AboutUs
=======
http://vietrantour.com.vn/
Company information:   Vietran tour is a registered Vietnamese company affiliated to the Vietnam Tourism Association (VITA). We are a private business, one of the first travel agents to be granted an official international operating license (1-236/2010/TCDL-GPLHQT) by Vietnam National Administration of Tourism (VNAT).   Vietran tour opened its head office in Hanoi in 2002. Its first, second, and third branch was then alternatively opened in Ho Chi Minh city (August 2004), Danang city and Tuyen Quang city (the end of 2004).  On April 1st, 2009, Vietran tour officially opened Vietnam MICE Services center with meetings, convention, incentive and events. Vietnam M.I.C.E Services center is considered to be the newest and finest full service event and destination management company in Vietnam.   In 2011, Wedding and Honey moon center was found with its name of Viet We, which was then renamed as Golden Wedding later. At the beginning of 2012, Vietran tour merged Vietnam Explore Holidays into the Inbound Center. With acknowledged, professional, experienced and whole hearted staffs, it has been creating high quality and abundant tourist products and services imbrued with Indochina culture.   On 3 July 2012, Vietran tour takes it pride to celebrate of 10 years anniversary. It’s time to review of 10 years Vietran tour served over 862.000 tourists and became one of the largest local Tour Operator Company limited in Vietnam.                                                                  Thanks to the increasing number of tourists from different nations and close cooperation with potential hotels, Vietran tour can offer 3-5* package tours at the best quality. Vietran tour puts high concentration on suitable and well-cooked meals, well-qualified tour guides, high quality buses, and drivers with polite and friendly behavior.   With long history and our target for a better performance, Vietran Tour commits to be the best choice.   Our products:   We offer global holiday-makers a comprehensive variety of unique itineraries with tailor-made programs and services to fit different demands and interests of both individually independent travelers to groups of friends and families. -       Domestic -       Inbound -       Outbound -       Muslim Tours -       Golf Tours -       Hotel reservation and Car rental -       M.I.C.E -       Wedding/Honeymoon -       Ticketing -       Visa arrangement   Our achievements -       Tour Operator Company with highest revenue by Hongkong Air 2011. -       Tour Operator Company with highest number of domestic visitors by Vietnam Airlines in 2011. -       Tour Operator Company with highest developing level by Vietnam Airlines in 2011.
